Are you supposed to be in Gu Yun's room?
Why am I still in her losing room?
I guess you believe me?
Okay, would you like to see what's going on inside your daughter?
I guess she is my woman, not you?
Remember what you came to do?
Lao Ji, I got married and I didn’t give you any of my share.
You can't send it there. I don't want to leave it in my heart. I have a bad intention.
It was you who left in a hurry. She said I didn’t care and left.
No, what's wrong?
It's okay, why haven't you left yet?
Why haven't you left yet?
I know what I want you to do
Give all your evidence against
All collected
Although I will prove it
Where tension is flat, there is wisdom
My house is so big
I don’t know him, how can I prove it?
I also have a good mobile phone
Each has all the evidence
Zhang's condition is dead
really fun